New Docs (#90)
SciML/DataDrivenDiffEq.jl: docs/src/index.md

# DataDrivenDiffEq.jl

> DataDrivenDiffEq.jl is a package for estimating equationfree and equationbased models for discrete and continouos differential equations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataDrivenDiffEq.jl is a package for estimating equation-free and equation-based models for discrete and continuous differential equations.
```
